docs: Remove generic references from PHP (#15077)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/php/common/configuration/options.mdx

<SdkOption name="before_breadcrumb" type='function (Breadcrumb $breadcrumb): Breadcrumb'>

> This function is called with a breadcrumb object before the breadcrumb is added to the scope. When nothing is returned from the function, the breadcrumb is dropped. To pass the breadcrumb through, return the first argument, which contains the breadcrumb object.

Reviewer: I'm not 100% how to phrase this properly. It only has one parameter so talking about the first implies there might be others.

```suggestion
This function is called with a breadcrumb object before the breadcrumb is added to the scope. When nothing is returned from the function, the breadcrumb is dropped. To pass the breadcrumb through, return the breadcrumb itself.
```
